I've added my critique feedback to this blog:

After not being able to attend the class on Tuesday I met with Rashid and Aalyazia afterwards to present and get feedback on my capstone progress so far. I shared with them the rough 3d example of what I visualize the escape room to look like (picture in the prior blog). I also shared my mood board and explained some of the feedback I've recieved on logistics and feasibility after speaking with Jon Bonner and Steven from the theatre department. After sharing, the feedback I recieved was mainly about content, and how I plan to connect the escape room to the conversation I am trying to create. This got me thinking about working out some of the plot that will be used to tell the story I want in the escape room and remain true to my origianl goal of the capstone: to spark and develop a platform for conversation on past educational experiences both helpful and harmful. 

After recieving the feedback I began doing research on how to create a good story. I accidentally fell upon an old film I watched: The Breakfast Club. This sparked me think I could possibly repurpose that plot in my escape room. In the film, different characters that go to the same school end up in detention. After spending a significant amount of time together they end up opening up to each other and realize though they are different, they've all struggled with being sterotyped and able to fight the impressions placed upon them. This inspired me to think of creating a similar 4-5 character group, each of which embody one of the discussion questions I've layed out. For example, one character could struggle with sterotyping, tracking, etc. another could struggle with their learning style not being accomodated for. I haven't decided why the students are stuck in the room, possibly also for detention, but I think having these characters embody the discussion questions I have could both make them more relatable to volutneers in the escape room and even have them project their own experiences onto these fictional characters.

For next steps, I plan to continue working out the plot for this escape room. I also have another meeting with Jon Bonner this week to discuss creating a 3d model of the black box with some of the items I want for the escape room, also discuss dates and when I could use the room. I am also planning to meet with Judy in the costume shop, and Michael Allison to get some tips on story telling/performance. 
